c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.dll.config
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.dll
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.pdb
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.dll
c:\users\zliu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.pdb
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\zliu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.dll.config
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.pdb
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.dll
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.pdb
C:\EGalleryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.dll.config
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPI.pdb
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPIData.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EGalleryAPIData.pdb
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.dll
C:\egallaryAPI\EGalleryAPI\obj\Debug\EGalleryAPI.pdb
